The selection expression is perfect when you're working with objects.
Vanlife offers many types of expressions.
A variable expression executes on a model attributes in some way.
A selection, Expresion selects a field from a previously bound object.
In this lesson, you will use a selection expression.
The variable expression returns an object.
Finally, if object binds the resulting object to an HTML element.
Previously we had three variable expressions, but instead of doing that, we can bind the entire table
a row to an object so we can say find leaf object and set it equal to a variable expression.
And this variable expression is going to grab the grade object that was passed into the model.
So we'll say grade.
Finally, if object is going to bind the grade that the variable expression returns to the entire table
row.
Which brings us to the topic of selection expressions.
A selection expression selects a field from the previously bound object.
The beauty of this setup is that now underlying HTML elements can use a selection expression.
We can set file MIF text equal to a selection expression, which is simply an asterisk followed by two
curly brackets.
And a selection expression, as the name suggests, allows you to directly select a field from the previously
bound object.
So here we can select the name field from the grade object.
Here we can select the subject fields.
And here we can select the score field.
So we're binding this entire row to a model object, and then we're filling each cell with a text value
that selects the field of the previously bound object.
So if we run the app.
Everything works accordingly.
If I happen to misspell one of the fields.
I'm going to get an error in that it's unable to pass the HTML template and you can probably assume
what that error is.
So to recap a selection, Expresion selects a field from a previously bound object.
Finally, if object binds the entire row to an object from the model and each cell employs a selection
expression, thus selecting a field from the previously bound object.
So now you've encountered two types of expressions.
A variable expression executes on a model attribute in some way, and a selection expression selects
a field from a previously bound object.
There are more, and you will learn about them as we go along.